enhance docs for cognito (#734)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/cognito/index.md

---
title: "Cognito"
linkTitle: "Cognito"
description: >
  Get started with Cognito on LocalStack
---

## Introduction

> Cognito is managed identity service provided by AWS which is used for securing user authentication, authorization, and managing user identities in web and mobile applications. Cognito enables developers to add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control functionalities to their applications. Cognito supports various authentication methods, including social identity providers, SAML-based identity providers, and custom authentication flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cognito is a managed identity service provided by AWS that is used for securing user authentication, authorization, and managing user identities in web and mobile applications. Cognito enables developers to add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control functionalities to their applications. Cognito supports various authentication methods, including social identity providers, SAML-based identity providers, and custom authentication flows.
```
